# Bellabeat Case Study
## Introduction
This is the final project for the Google Data Analytics Certification.
## Step 1: Ask
### Business Task
* Analyze smart device usage data in order to gain insight into how consumers use non-Bellabeat smart devices (Fitbit) and apply the insights into one of Bellabeat products.

* Guiding questions:

1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?

### Key Stakeholders
* Urška Sršen: Bellabeat’s cofounder and Chief Creative Officer.
* Sando Mur: Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team.
* Bellabeat marketing analytics team: A team of data analysts responsible for collecting, analyzing, and reporting data that helps guide Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.

## Step 2: Prepare
### Data
* Source: Fitness Fitbit Tracker Data.
* These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 04.12.2016 - 05.12.2016. There are 18 CSV files.
* Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring.
* Data is stored in "data" folder.
### Limitations
* The data is not representative of all Fitbit users. There are only 30 users.
* There is no information indicating the user’s sex. This is not helpful for Bellabeat since their target customer is woman.
* The data is old. It was collected 5 years ago.
* There is not enough information to examine the credibility and biases of the data since it was collected by a third party.
* There are missing values.
* Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences.

## Step 3: Process
### Import libraries
```
library(tidyverse)


